>>> THE REVOLVING DOOR OF WHITE
>>> THE REVOLVING DOOR OF WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION DIRECTOR
HOUSE COMMUNICATION DIRECTOR JUST KEEPS ON SPINNING.
JUST KEEPS ON SPINNING. TRUMP’S FIFTH COMMUNICATIONS
TRUMP’S FIFTH COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR IS OUT.
DIRECTOR IS OUT. TWO YEARS, FIVE.
TWO YEARS, FIVE. AMAZING.
AMAZING. BILL SHINE, HE’S RESIGNING AFTER
BILL SHINE, HE’S RESIGNING AFTER SERVING IN THE POSITION FOR JUST
SERVING IN THE POSITION FOR JUST EIGHT MONTHS, WHICH BY TRUMP
EIGHT MONTHS, WHICH BY TRUMP STANDARDS IS NOT A JUST, IT’S
STANDARDS IS NOT A JUST, IT’S APPROXIMATELY 22 SCARAMUCCIS,
APPROXIMATELY 22 SCARAMUCCIS, LONGEST ANYONE HELD THIS
LONGEST ANYONE HELD THIS POSITION UNDER DONALD TRUMP.
POSITION UNDER DONALD TRUMP. THE HIRING OF SHINE, FORMER FOX
THE HIRING OF SHINE, FORMER FOX NEWS EXECUTIVE, SOLIDIFIED HIS
NEWS EXECUTIVE, SOLIDIFIED HIS TIES TO HIS FAVORITE NETWORK,
TIES TO HIS FAVORITE NETWORK, WRITING MR. SHINE’S PRESENCE IN
WRITING MR. SHINE’S PRESENCE IN THE WHITE HOUSE WAS SEEN AT
THE WHITE HOUSE WAS SEEN AT EMBLEMATIC HOW CLOSELY TRUMP
EMBLEMATIC HOW CLOSELY TRUMP ALIGNED HIMSELF WITH FOX USING
ALIGNED HIMSELF WITH FOX USING THE NETWORK TO TALK WITH HIS
THE NETWORK TO TALK WITH HIS MOST FERVENT SUPPORTERS AND
MOST FERVENT SUPPORTERS AND USING IT TO ADVANCE ON THE
USING IT TO ADVANCE ON THE POLICY AND PRESIDENCY.
POLICY AND PRESIDENCY. APPARENTLY BILL SHINE’S
APPARENTLY BILL SHINE’S CONNECTIONS DIDN’T HELP ALL THAT
CONNECTIONS DIDN’T HELP ALL THAT MUCH AS "THE WASHINGTON POST"
MUCH AS "THE WASHINGTON POST" REPORTS -- IN RECENT MONTHS
REPORTS -- IN RECENT MONTHS TRUMP COMPLAINED ABOUT HIS MEDIA
TRUMP COMPLAINED ABOUT HIS MEDIA COVERAGE AND BLAMED SHINE IN
COVERAGE AND BLAMED SHINE IN PART FOR NOT MAKING IT MORE
PART FOR NOT MAKING IT MORE POSITIVE ACCORDING TO CURRENT
POSITIVE ACCORDING TO CURRENT AND FORMER ADMINISTRATION
AND FORMER ADMINISTRATION OFFICIALS.
OFFICIALS. JOINING ME ON THIS SET IS FORMER
JOINING ME ON THIS SET IS FORMER OBAMA CAMPAIGN MANAGER AND
OBAMA CAMPAIGN MANAGER AND DEPUTY WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF
DEPUTY WHITE HOUSE CHIEF OF STAFF JIM MUSSINA AND MATT
STAFF JIM MUSSINA AND MATT MILLER AND PHIL RUCKER ARE STILL
MILLER AND PHIL RUCKER ARE STILL WITH US.
WITH US. PHIL, I WANT TO START WITH YOU
PHIL, I WANT TO START WITH YOU BECAUSE I BELIEVE THE LAST THING
BECAUSE I BELIEVE THE LAST THING I READ THERE WAS FROM A PIECE
I READ THERE WAS FROM A PIECE THAT YOU WROTE.
THAT YOU WROTE. >> THAT’S RIGHT.
>> THAT’S RIGHT. >> TELL US ABOUT WHY NOW THE
>> TELL US ABOUT WHY NOW THE MOMENT ARRIVED FOR BILL SHINE’S
MOMENT ARRIVED FOR BILL SHINE’S EXIT.
EXIT. >> YEAH, JOHN, IT WAS A PRETTY
>> YEAH, JOHN, IT WAS A PRETTY ABRUPT ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY BUT
ABRUPT ANNOUNCEMENT TODAY BUT NOT ALTOGETHER SURPRISING.
NOT ALTOGETHER SURPRISING. WE KNOW JUST FROM OUR REPORTING
WE KNOW JUST FROM OUR REPORTING THE LAST SEVERAL MONTHS THAT
THE LAST SEVERAL MONTHS THAT TRUMP AND SHINE HAVE NOT BEEN
TRUMP AND SHINE HAVE NOT BEEN SEEING EYE TO EYE ENTIRELY.
SEEING EYE TO EYE ENTIRELY. IN PART BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT
IN PART BECAUSE THE PRESIDENT EXPECTED BY BRINGING IN BILL
EXPECTED BY BRINGING IN BILL SHINE, THE FORMER FOX NEWS
SHINE, THE FORMER FOX NEWS PRESIDENT, HE WAS GOING TO
PRESIDENT, HE WAS GOING TO SOMEHOW IMPROVE HIS MEDIA
SOMEHOW IMPROVE HIS MEDIA COVERAGE, THAT THE NEWS
COVERAGE, THAT THE NEWS NARRATIVE ABOUT THE TRUMP
NARRATIVE ABOUT THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY WOULD SOMEHOW EVOLVE
PRESIDENCY WOULD SOMEHOW EVOLVE INTO A MUCH GREATER PLACE FOR
INTO A MUCH GREATER PLACE FOR TRUMP.
TRUMP. AND THAT JUST DIDN’T HAPPEN.
AND THAT JUST DIDN’T HAPPEN. SHINE DOESN’T HAVE A MAGIC WAND.
SHINE DOESN’T HAVE A MAGIC WAND. HE CAME IN TO DO THIS JOB BUT AT
HE CAME IN TO DO THIS JOB BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY THE PRESIDENT
THE END OF THE DAY THE PRESIDENT IS THE PRESIDENT, AND THE NEWS
IS THE PRESIDENT, AND THE NEWS MEDIA, LIKE OURSELVES, WE’RE
MEDIA, LIKE OURSELVES, WE’RE JUST COVERING WHAT THE PRESIDENT
JUST COVERING WHAT THE PRESIDENT DOES.
DOES. SO HE GREW FRUSTRATED WITH
SO HE GREW FRUSTRATED WITH SHINE.
SHINE. THEY WERE NOT SORT OF NATURAL --
THEY WERE NOT SORT OF NATURAL -- THERE WASN’T A LOT OF NATURAL
THERE WASN’T A LOT OF NATURAL CHEMISTRY THERE AND I THINK AT
CHEMISTRY THERE AND I THINK AT THE END OF THE DAY THEY DECIDED
THE END OF THE DAY THEY DECIDED TO GO SEPARATE WAYS AND SHINE,
TO GO SEPARATE WAYS AND SHINE, IT’S IMPORTANT TO POINT OUT, IT
IT’S IMPORTANT TO POINT OUT, IT STAYING IN THE ORBIT.
STAYING IN THE ORBIT. HE’S GOING TO BE AN ADVISER TO
HE’S GOING TO BE AN ADVISER TO THE RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN BUT NO
THE RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN BUT NO LONGER IN THE WHITE HOUSE.
LONGER IN THE WHITE HOUSE. >> JIM, I RAISE THIS QUESTION
>> JIM, I RAISE THIS QUESTION WITH YOU, IN ANOTHER WORLD, A
WITH YOU, IN ANOTHER WORLD, A NORMAL WORLD, THE WORLD YOU AND
NORMAL WORLD, THE WORLD YOU AND I USED TO INHABIT, IT WAS NOT AN
I USED TO INHABIT, IT WAS NOT AN UNCONVENTIONAL THING A COUPLE OF
UNCONVENTIONAL THING A COUPLE OF YEARS INTO THE ADMINISTRATION,
YEARS INTO THE ADMINISTRATION, YOU START TO TURN YOUR EYES
YOU START TO TURN YOUR EYES TOWARDS RE-ELECTION, THERE WOULD
TOWARDS RE-ELECTION, THERE WOULD BE SOME PEOPLE WHO WERE WHITE
BE SOME PEOPLE WHO WERE WHITE HOUSE OFFICIALS WOULD WOULD
HOUSE OFFICIALS WOULD WOULD LEAVE THE WHITE HOUSE AND GO
LEAVE THE WHITE HOUSE AND GO WORK ON THE CAMPAIGN.
WORK ON THE CAMPAIGN. I BELIEVE THAT HAPPENED IN YOUR
I BELIEVE THAT HAPPENED IN YOUR WHITE HOUSE AROUND -- RIGHT
WHITE HOUSE AROUND -- RIGHT AROUND THIS TIME.
AROUND THIS TIME. WHY SHOULD WE NOT THINK THAT
WHY SHOULD WE NOT THINK THAT THIS IS JUST, YOU KNOW, GETTING
THIS IS JUST, YOU KNOW, GETTING READY FOR RE-ELECTION AS OPPOSED
READY FOR RE-ELECTION AS OPPOSED TO KIND OF WHAT THE WAY IT’S
TO KIND OF WHAT THE WAY IT’S BEING PORTRAY SDED IS SHINE GOT
BEING PORTRAY SDED IS SHINE GOT FIRED AND THE JOB ON THE
FIRED AND THE JOB ON THE CAMPAIGN IS FACE-SAVING GESTURE?
CAMPAIGN IS FACE-SAVING GESTURE? >> BECAUSE THE CAMPAIGN HAS COME
>> BECAUSE THE CAMPAIGN HAS COME TO BE THE PLACE EVERYBODY GOES
TO BE THE PLACE EVERYBODY GOES TO DUMP THE BODIES.
TO DUMP THE BODIES. WHEN YOU GET FIRED FROM THE
WHEN YOU GET FIRED FROM THE WHITE HOUSE, THEY PUT YOU ON THE
WHITE HOUSE, THEY PUT YOU ON THE RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN.
RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN. I HAVE NEVER MET BILL SHINE, I’M
I HAVE NEVER MET BILL SHINE, I’M SURE HE’S GOOD AT HIS JOB BUT
SURE HE’S GOOD AT HIS JOB BUT HE’S THE FIFTH COMMUNICATION
HE’S THE FIFTH COMMUNICATION DIRECTOR THAT’S LASTING SO 0
DIRECTOR THAT’S LASTING SO 0 DAYS FOR ONE GOOD REASON, EVERY
DAYS FOR ONE GOOD REASON, EVERY MORNING THE PRESIDENT OF THE
MORNING THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WAKES UP AND BLOWS
UNITED STATES WAKES UP AND BLOWS UP THEIR COMMUNICATIONS PLAN
UP THEIR COMMUNICATIONS PLAN WHEN HE GETS ON TWITTER.
WHEN HE GETS ON TWITTER. THAT JOB IS IMPOSSIBLE.
THAT JOB IS IMPOSSIBLE. NOBODY CAN STAY THERE BECAUSE
NOBODY CAN STAY THERE BECAUSE YOU HAVE GOT AN ERRATIC LEADER
YOU HAVE GOT AN ERRATIC LEADER AT THE TOP AND THEY CAN PUT HIM
AT THE TOP AND THEY CAN PUT HIM WHEREVER HE WANTS, THEY CAN PUT
WHEREVER HE WANTS, THEY CAN PUT A NEW PERSON IN THAT JOB, FOURTH
A NEW PERSON IN THAT JOB, FOURTH CHIEF OF STAFF, FIVE
CHIEF OF STAFF, FIVE COMMUNICATION DIRECTORS, MORE
COMMUNICATION DIRECTORS, MORE LAWYERS THAN YOU AND I COULD
LAWYERS THAN YOU AND I COULD COUNT BUT BECAUSE THE ROT BEGINS
COUNT BUT BECAUSE THE ROT BEGINS AT THE TOP.
AT THE TOP. >> ONE OF THE THINGS -- I
>> ONE OF THE THINGS -- I BELIEVE THIS JAY MAYOR PIECE IN
BELIEVE THIS JAY MAYOR PIECE IN "NEW YORKER" YOU WERE QUOTE IN
"NEW YORKER" YOU WERE QUOTE IN AND RUNG A LOT OF BELLS THIS
AND RUNG A LOT OF BELLS THIS WEEKEND WITH SHINE GOING OUT
WEEKEND WITH SHINE GOING OUT SEEMED INCREDIBLY WELL TIMED OR
SEEMED INCREDIBLY WELL TIMED OR MAYBE ONE OF THE THINGS THAT
MAYBE ONE OF THE THINGS THAT PRECIPITATED HIS DEPARTURE, FROM
PRECIPITATED HIS DEPARTURE, FROM JANE MAYOR -- A SOURCE HAS BEEN
JANE MAYOR -- A SOURCE HAS BEEN COMPLAINING SHINE HASN’T BEEN
COMPLAINING SHINE HASN’T BEEN AGGRESSIVE ENOUGH.
AGGRESSIVE ENOUGH. LATE LAST YEAR TRUMP SAID SHINE
LATE LAST YEAR TRUMP SAID SHINE PROMISED ME IT WOULD GET BETTER
PROMISED ME IT WOULD GET BETTER BUT IT GOT WORSE.
BUT IT GOT WORSE. TRUMP THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING
TRUMP THOUGHT HE WAS GETTING ROGER AILES BUT INSTEAD HE GOT
ROGER AILES BUT INSTEAD HE GOT ROGER AILES’ GOPHER.
ROGER AILES’ GOPHER. TALK ABOUT THIS A LITTLE BIT AND
TALK ABOUT THIS A LITTLE BIT AND THE SHINE PERPLEX.
THE SHINE PERPLEX. >> SHINE, OF COURSE, WAS THE
>> SHINE, OF COURSE, WAS THE PERSON WHO WAS THE LIENUP GUY.
PERSON WHO WAS THE LIENUP GUY. HE WENT AROUND AND CLEANED UP
HE WENT AROUND AND CLEANED UP THE MESSES FROM ROGER AILES,
THE MESSES FROM ROGER AILES, FROM BILL O’REILLY, FROM ALL OF
FROM BILL O’REILLY, FROM ALL OF THEM.
THEM. HE IS NOT THE GUY WHO MAKES THE
HE IS NOT THE GUY WHO MAKES THE PRETTY PICTURES, HE’S THE GUY
PRETTY PICTURES, HE’S THE GUY WHO MANAGES THE TALENT THAT
WHO MANAGES THE TALENT THAT HELPED TRUMP GET ELECTED.
HELPED TRUMP GET ELECTED. SO PERHAPS TRUMP DIDN’T EXACTLY
SO PERHAPS TRUMP DIDN’T EXACTLY GET WHAT HE WANTED BUT AS JIM
GET WHAT HE WANTED BUT AS JIM SAID, NO ONE IS GOING TO GET HIM
SAID, NO ONE IS GOING TO GET HIM WHAT HE WANTS BECAUSE TRUMP IS
WHAT HE WANTS BECAUSE TRUMP IS TRUMP AND HE’S GOING TO DO HIS
TRUMP AND HE’S GOING TO DO HIS OWN THING.
OWN THING. I DO THINK IT’S VERY POSSIBLE
I DO THINK IT’S VERY POSSIBLE THE ARTICLE WAS THE TIPPING
THE ARTICLE WAS THE TIPPING POINT FOR TRUMP.
POINT FOR TRUMP. THERE’S ONE THING TRUMP HATES
THERE’S ONE THING TRUMP HATES AND THAT IS TO BE PORTRAYED AS
AND THAT IS TO BE PORTRAYED AS SOMEONE’S PAWN --
SOMEONE’S PAWN -- >> STOOGE.
>> STOOGE. >> HE’S BEING TOLD WHAT TO DO BY
>> HE’S BEING TOLD WHAT TO DO BY SEAN HANNITIES AND SHINE IS
SEAN HANNITIES AND SHINE IS THERE TO COMMUNICATE THE FOX
THERE TO COMMUNICATE THE FOX MESSAGE, HE HATES THAT KIND OF
MESSAGE, HE HATES THAT KIND OF STUFF.
STUFF. THAT COULD WELL HAVE BEEN THE
THAT COULD WELL HAVE BEEN THE FINAL STAU STRAW.
FINAL STAU STRAW. >> IS IT STRIKES ME AS KIND OF
>> IS IT STRIKES ME AS KIND OF SCANDALOUS ONE OF THE THINGS
SCANDALOUS ONE OF THE THINGS JANE WROTE ABOUT IN THIS PIECE,
JANE WROTE ABOUT IN THIS PIECE, BILL SHINE WAS MORE POERNLLY
BILL SHINE WAS MORE POERNLLY INVOLVED COVERING UP THE RECORD
INVOLVED COVERING UP THE RECORD OF ROGER AILES WITH RESPECT TO
OF ROGER AILES WITH RESPECT TO SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN THE
SEXUAL HARASSMENT IN THE WORKPLACE THAN ANY OTHER SINGLE
WORKPLACE THAN ANY OTHER SINGLE PERSON I KNOW OF AND IT’S
PERSON I KNOW OF AND IT’S AMAZING TO ME HE GLIDED INTO
AMAZING TO ME HE GLIDED INTO THIS JOB WITH ALMOST NO COMMENT
THIS JOB WITH ALMOST NO COMMENT ABOUT THAT.
ABOUT THAT. IT DID NOT BECOME A MATTER OF
IT DID NOT BECOME A MATTER OF PUBLIC CONTROVERSY THAT BILL
PUBLIC CONTROVERSY THAT BILL SHINE WAS GOING TO THE WHITE
SHINE WAS GOING TO THE WHITE HOUSE, GIVEN SOME OF THE DARK
HOUSE, GIVEN SOME OF THE DARK PARTS OF WHAT HE HAD DONE AT FOX
PARTS OF WHAT HE HAD DONE AT FOX NEWS.
NEWS. HE WASN’T JUST A ANNUAL FOX NEWS
HE WASN’T JUST A ANNUAL FOX NEWS GUY, HE WAS INVOLVED IN A LOT OF
GUY, HE WAS INVOLVED IN A LOT OF DIRTY STUFF.
DIRTY STUFF. >> HE WENT TO WORK FOR A GUY WHO
>> HE WENT TO WORK FOR A GUY WHO HAS BEEN FOUND TO PAY OFTEN TWO
HAS BEEN FOUND TO PAY OFTEN TWO WOMEN WITH SLUSH MONEY, LINEUP
WOMEN WITH SLUSH MONEY, LINEUP OF 18 WOMEN DURING THE CAMPAIGN
OF 18 WOMEN DURING THE CAMPAIGN WHO MADE ALLEGATIONS OF
WHO MADE ALLEGATIONS OF HARASSMENT.
HARASSMENT. THIS WAS A GUY WHO STUCK BY ROB
THIS WAS A GUY WHO STUCK BY ROB PORTER, WHO IS THE WHITE HOUSE
PORTER, WHO IS THE WHITE HOUSE STAFF SECRETARY, AFTER HEIT HAD
STAFF SECRETARY, AFTER HEIT HAD BEEN REVEALED, REALLY HORRIBLE
BEEN REVEALED, REALLY HORRIBLE PICTURES OF BATTERY ON HIS WIFE,
PICTURES OF BATTERY ON HIS WIFE, AND HE WAS THE GUY WHO, OF
AND HE WAS THE GUY WHO, OF COURSE, WENT OUT AND ENDORSED
COURSE, WENT OUT AND ENDORSED MOORE.
MOORE. SO THE PRESIDENT IS A WALKING
SO THE PRESIDENT IS A WALKING DISASTER IN THIS AREA.
DISASTER IN THIS AREA. SO EVERYONE IS SORT OF LIKE
SO EVERYONE IS SORT OF LIKE PALES BY COMPARISON BUT YOU’RE
PALES BY COMPARISON BUT YOU’RE RIGHT, THIS IS PART OF THE TRUMP
RIGHT, THIS IS PART OF THE TRUMP PHENOMENON, THAT HE IS BROUGHT
PHENOMENON, THAT HE IS BROUGHT US ALL DOWN TO THIS VERY BASE
US ALL DOWN TO THIS VERY BASE LEVEL SO THAT THIS NO LONGER
LEVEL SO THAT THIS NO LONGER RINGS ALARM BELLS AND
RINGS ALARM BELLS AND PRACTICALLY ANYONE CAN WALK IN
PRACTICALLY ANYONE CAN WALK IN THE DOOR, TRUMP WALKED IN THE
THE DOOR, TRUMP WALKED IN THE DOOR, WHY NOT HIM?
DOOR, WHY NOT HIM? >> PHIL, JEN MADE A POINT
>> PHIL, JEN MADE A POINT EARLIER THAT TRUMP DOESN’T LIKE
EARLIER THAT TRUMP DOESN’T LIKE TO BE SEEN AS A STOOGE OR PUPPET
TO BE SEEN AS A STOOGE OR PUPPET AND THE NOTION HE’S BEING PUSHED
AND THE NOTION HE’S BEING PUSHED AROUND OR CONTROLLED BY OUTSIDE
AROUND OR CONTROLLED BY OUTSIDE FORCES ANNOYS HIM.
FORCES ANNOYS HIM. THIS STORY POINTED OUT THE
THIS STORY POINTED OUT THE EXTENT TO WHICH TRUMP IS IN
EXTENT TO WHICH TRUMP IS IN CONSTANT COMMUNICATION WITH SEAN
CONSTANT COMMUNICATION WITH SEAN HANNITY.
HANNITY. THERE’S THE BILL SHINE ELEMENT
THERE’S THE BILL SHINE ELEMENT TO THE STORY.
TO THE STORY. AND YET TODAY WE HAVE TRUMP ON
AND YET TODAY WE HAVE TRUMP ON TWITTER TWEETING, THANK YOU AT
TWITTER TWEETING, THANK YOU AT FOX &amp; FRIENDS, GREAT SHOW.
FOX &amp; FRIENDS, GREAT SHOW. SO IT DOESN’T SEEM AS THOUGH --
SO IT DOESN’T SEEM AS THOUGH -- TRUMP MAY HAVE GOTTEN SICK OF
TRUMP MAY HAVE GOTTEN SICK OF BILL SHINE BUT THAT STORY AND
BILL SHINE BUT THAT STORY AND CONTROVERSY AROUND IT DOES NOT
CONTROVERSY AROUND IT DOES NOT SEEMED TO HAVE TURN DONALD TRUMP
SEEMED TO HAVE TURN DONALD TRUMP AGAINST FOX NEWS.
AGAINST FOX NEWS. >> I DON’T KNOW THAT WE’RE EVER
>> I DON’T KNOW THAT WE’RE EVER GOING TO SEE TRUMP TURN AGAINST
GOING TO SEE TRUMP TURN AGAINST FOX NEWS AS LONG AS THE TALENT
FOX NEWS AS LONG AS THE TALENT ON FOX CONTINUES TO PRAISE HIS
ON FOX CONTINUES TO PRAISE HIS PRESIDENCY AND HIS AGENDA.
PRESIDENCY AND HIS AGENDA. BUT IN MANY WAYS, SHINE WAS JUST
BUT IN MANY WAYS, SHINE WAS JUST SORT OF THE NEXUS.
SORT OF THE NEXUS. HE WAS THE DPLU THAT BROUGHT THE
HE WAS THE DPLU THAT BROUGHT THE WHITE HOUSE AND FOX TOGETHER.
WHITE HOUSE AND FOX TOGETHER. IT WAS SHINE WHO HELPED ARRANGE
IT WAS SHINE WHO HELPED ARRANGE FOR SEAN HANNITY TO DO THESE
FOR SEAN HANNITY TO DO THESE INTERVIEWS AT ALL OF THE BIG
INTERVIEWS AT ALL OF THE BIG INTERNATIONAL SUMMITS AND TO BE
INTERNATIONAL SUMMITS AND TO BE ALONGSIDE THE PRESIDENT AS HE
ALONGSIDE THE PRESIDENT AS HE TOURED THE BORDER DOWN IN TEXAS
TOURED THE BORDER DOWN IN TEXAS A WEEK OR TWO AGO, A MONTH OR
A WEEK OR TWO AGO, A MONTH OR TWO AGO RATHER.
TWO AGO RATHER. SO SHINE PLAYED THAT ROLE, BUT
SO SHINE PLAYED THAT ROLE, BUT SOMEBODY ELSE IS GOING TO JUST
SOMEBODY ELSE IS GOING TO JUST STEP IN AND PLAY THAT ROLE GOING
STEP IN AND PLAY THAT ROLE GOING FORWARD.
FORWARD. IT’S NOT LIKE THERE’S GOING TO
IT’S NOT LIKE THERE’S GOING TO BE A BREACH HERE BETWEEN TRUMP
BE A BREACH HERE BETWEEN TRUMP AND HIS FAVORITE NETWORK.
AND HIS FAVORITE NETWORK. >> WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP REALLY
>> WE ALL KNOW THAT TRUMP REALLY ONLY TALKS TO FOX NEWS BUT IT IS
ONLY TALKS TO FOX NEWS BUT IT IS STILL STRIKING TO SEE THE
STILL STRIKING TO SEE THE GRAPHIC.
GRAPHIC. LET’S PUT UP THE NUMBERS ON
LET’S PUT UP THE NUMBERS ON INTERVIEWS, NEWS WITH DONALD
INTERVIEWS, NEWS WITH DONALD TRUMP, FOX NEWS 44, ABC NEWS,
TRUMP, FOX NEWS 44, ABC NEWS, NBC NEWS, CBS NEWS, 10 AND CNN
NBC NEWS, CBS NEWS, 10 AND CNN THE BIG GOOSE EGG THERE.
THE BIG GOOSE EGG THERE. JIM, YOU WORKED IN THE WHITE
JIM, YOU WORKED IN THE WHITE HOUSE WHERE THE PRESIDENT HAD
HOUSE WHERE THE PRESIDENT HAD CERTAIN NETWORKS HE LIKED BETTER
CERTAIN NETWORKS HE LIKED BETTER THAN OTHERS, BUT THOSE NUMBERS
THAN OTHERS, BUT THOSE NUMBERS ARE JUST STUNNING.
ARE JUST STUNNING. >> IT IS UNBELIEVABLE.
>> IT IS UNBELIEVABLE. AND WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN
AND WHAT’S GOING TO HAPPEN EVENTUALLY IS WE’RE GOING TO GET
EVENTUALLY IS WE’RE GOING TO GET INTO A RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN AND
INTO A RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN AND IF YOU ADD UP THE VIEWERSHIP OF
IF YOU ADD UP THE VIEWERSHIP OF ALL OF THOSE OTHER NETWORKS,
ALL OF THOSE OTHER NETWORKS, HE’S NOW NOT COMMUNICATING TO A
HE’S NOW NOT COMMUNICATING TO A WHOLE BUNCH OF VOTERS SITTING
WHOLE BUNCH OF VOTERS SITTING OUT THERE TRYING TO MAKE UP
OUT THERE TRYING TO MAKE UP THEIR MIND.
THEIR MIND. IT’S NOT LIKE THESE NETWORKS ARE
IT’S NOT LIKE THESE NETWORKS ARE GOING TO FORGET IT.
GOING TO FORGET IT. IT’S NOT LIKE THEY’RE GOING TO
IT’S NOT LIKE THEY’RE GOING TO SAY GREAT, NOW WE WANT TO BE
SAY GREAT, NOW WE WANT TO BE YOUR SPOKESPERSON.
YOUR SPOKESPERSON. I THINK THERE’S ONE OTHER POINT,
I THINK THERE’S ONE OTHER POINT, THE WHITE HOUSE HAS HAD ONE
THE WHITE HOUSE HAS HAD ONE PRESS CONFERENCE IN 2019 AND SO
PRESS CONFERENCE IN 2019 AND SO THEIR PRESS OPERATION IS FOX
THEIR PRESS OPERATION IS FOX NEWS.
NEWS. THE WAY THEY COMMUNICATION IS
THE WAY THEY COMMUNICATION IS THROUGH FOX NEWS.
THROUGH FOX NEWS. AND IT’S NOW AN EXTENSION OF THE
AND IT’S NOW AN EXTENSION OF THE WHITE HOUSE.
WHITE HOUSE. >> AND PART OF THE REASON WHY
>> AND PART OF THE REASON WHY DONALD TRUMP HAS 38% IRREDUCIBLE
DONALD TRUMP HAS 38% IRREDUCIBLE CORE, INCREDIBLY, INCREDIBLY